I have the sopranos loaded and I want to
show an example of how you can change
the speed of the transitions of the
consonants and vowels this is very
important because if you're doing if
you're working with a very slow piece or
a fast piece you need to have different
speeds of transitions now we've spent a
lot of time making defaults of the speed
of constants and vowels so I want to you
type in the word dream D are capital e
and dream okay so that sounds fine but
let's say I'm I'm doing a piece that's
very very slow I can go into the adjust
speed menu and I want to make it two
hundred and fifty percent of the speed
so what'll happen meaning another way to
say it would be multiplying that value
by two point five but two hundred fifty
percent of the length of the original
one so now I have drawn out longer one
now let's say I take it even further I
can say you know what let's make it a
rolling art and let's make it very long
let's take the speed and now let's
multiply what we already had
make that two hundred percent even more
now we've got or I could just come back
and say oh you know what and this is
actually the paint you can actually
select a section of text so if I had the
word dream three times I could actually
select different speeds for different
sections so but if I just wanted to go
back and make this fast again I can just
simply go into the speed menu and now
make it you know 10% of what it was and
this is just a quick way instead of
actually having to go in and adjust the
level of the length of each constant you
can just do it all very quickly in this
way
now I've got fast transitions that's a
very important feature
you